add Governance for the Standards Group (#22)
openjs-foundation/standards: GOVERNANCE.md

# OpenJS Standards Group

<!-- yet to add -->
For the current list of Team members, see the project [README.md](./README.md).

## Members

The [openjs-foundation/standards](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards) GitHub
repository is maintained by the Team and additional Members who are
added on an ongoing basis.

* Invited to all meetings
* Can participate in [consensus seeking process](#consensus-seeking-process)
* Counted towards quorum in [Team Meetings](#team-meetings)
* Participates in voting

## Team Membership

Team Membership is not time-limited. There is no fixed size of the Team.

There is no specific set of requirements or qualifications for Team Membership beyond these rules.

The following groups automatically qualify for membership and can request to be added to the GitHub team:

* OpenJS Foundation CPC Members
* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers

## Team Meetings

The Team meets bi-weekly on Zoom.us. A designated moderator
approved by the Team runs the meeting. Each meeting should be

> published to YouTube.

Reviewer: If the streaming doesn't work for any reasons, should the meeting be postponed?
It happened to one node.js meeting and to be 100% transparency we did it so

members of the Team. Team members can add any items they like to the
agenda at the beginning of each meeting. The moderator and the Team
cannot veto or remove items.

The moderator is responsible for summarizing the discussion of each
agenda item and sends it as a pull request after the meeting.

## Consensus Seeking Process

The Team follows a
[Consensus Seeking](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consensus-seeking_decision-making)
decision-making model.

When an agenda item has appeared to reach a consensus, the moderator
will ask "Does anyone object?" as a final call for dissent from the
consensus.

If an agenda item cannot reach a consensus, a Team member can call for
the item to be decided by a vote or to table the issue to the next
meeting. In both cases the decision must be seconded by a majority of the Team
or else the discussion will continue. Simple majority wins. Only Active
Members participate in a vote.

## Pull Requests

Pull requests require approval by at least two members and must remain open for at least 72 hours before being landed. If there are any objections the Pull Request cannot land until they are resolved.

> A pull request that is opposed will be discussed in the meeting.

Reviewer 2: I think this can be inferred from the above paragraph.... this is a tiny nit though

Team member or the moderator can add the item to the agenda by adding
the ***standards-agenda*** tag to the issue.

Prior to each Team meeting the moderator will share the agenda with
members of the Team. Team members can add any items they like to the
agenda at the beginning of each meeting. The moderator and the Team
cannot veto or remove items.

The moderator is responsible for summarizing the discussion of each
agenda item and sends it as a pull request after the meeting.

## Consensus Seeking Process

The Team follows a
[Consensus Seeking](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consensus-seeking_decision-making)
decision-making model.

When an agenda item has appeared to reach a consensus, the moderator
will ask "Does anyone object?" as a final call for dissent from the
consensus.

If an agenda item cannot reach a consensus, a Team member can call for
the item to be decided by a vote or to table the issue to the next
meeting. In both cases the decision must be seconded by a majority of the Team
or else the discussion will continue. Simple majority wins. Only Active
Members participate in a vote.

## Pull Requests

This section details expectations for team members involved in any

> pull requests that relate to the group's scope.

Reviewer 2: I think the above lines can be removed

> Pull requests are merged if it goes unopposed and at least two members approve it within 72 hours after creating.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pull requests require approval by at least two members and must remain open for at least 72 hours before being landed. If there are any objections the Pull Request cannot land until they are resolved.
```
